Add docs for mutable scheduling directives on gated Pods (#40000)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-scheduling-readiness.md

has been tried scheduling but claimed as unschedulable, or explicitly marked as not ready for
scheduling. You can use `scheduler_pending_pods{queue="gated"}` to check the metric result.

## Mutable Pod Scheduling Directives

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="beta" >}}

> Pods with scheduling gates have mutable scheduling directives, with certain constraints. 

Reviewer: You can mutate scheduling directives of Pods while they have scheduling gates, with certain constraints.

> The rules for updating a Pod's scheduling directives are as follows:

Reviewer: In the highlevel, you can only tighten the scheduling directives of a Pod. In other words, the updated directives would cause the Pods to only be able to schedule in a subset of the nodes that it would previously match. More explicitly, the rules for updating a Pod's scheduling directives are as follows:

1. For `.spec.nodeSelector`, only additions are allowed. If absent, it will be allowed to be set.

2. For `spec.affinity.nodeAffinity`, if nil, then setting anything is allowed.

> 3. For `.requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution.NodeSelectorTerms`, the terms are ORed while `nodeSelectorTerms[]`.matchExpressions list and `nodeSelectorTerms[].fieldExpressions` are ANDed. If `NodeSelectorTerms` was empty, it will be allowed to be set. If not empty, then only additions of `NodeSelectorRequirements` to `matchExpressions` or `fieldExpressions` are allowed, and no changes to existing `matchExpressions` and `fieldExpressions` will be allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If `NodeSelectorTerms` was empty, it will be allowed to be set. If not empty, then only additions of `NodeSelectorRequirements` to `matchExpressions` or `fieldExpressions` are allowed, and no changes to existing `matchExpressions` and `fieldExpressions` will be allowed. This is because the terms in `.requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution.NodeSelectorTerms`, are ORed while the expressions in `nodeSelectorTerms[].matchExpressions` and `nodeSelectorTerms[].fieldExpressions` are ANDed. 
```

> 3. If `NodeSelectorTerms` was empty, it will be allowed to be set. If not empty, then only additions of `NodeSelectorRequirements` to `matchExpressions` or `fieldExpressions` are allowed, and no changes to existing `matchExpressions` and `fieldExpressions` will be allowed. This is because the terms in `.requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution.NodeSelectorTerms`, are ORed while the expressions in `nodeSelectorTerms[].matchExpressions` and `nodeSelectorTerms[].fieldExpressions` are ANDed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. If `NodeSelectorTerms` was empty, it will be allowed to be set.
   If not empty, then only additions of `NodeSelectorRequirements` to `matchExpressions`
   or `fieldExpressions` are allowed, and no changes to existing `matchExpressions`
   and `fieldExpressions` will be allowed. This is because the terms in
   `.requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution.NodeSelectorTerms`, are ORed
   while the expressions in `nodeSelectorTerms[].matchExpressions` and 
   `nodeSelectorTerms[].fieldExpressions` are ANDed. 
```

> 4. For `.preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution`, all updates are allowed. This is because preferred terms are not authoritative, and so policy controllers don't validate those terms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. For `.preferredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution`, all updates are allowed.
   This is because preferred terms are not authoritative, and so policy controllers
   don't validate those terms.
```
